So in the implementation, let us write a function postfixEval
to do the job.
We will be passing the pointer to the expression str
into this function and it returns the result which is
an integer.
So first we should scan every character of the string
which is our expression till we reach a null character
And if it is an operand, that is an
integer and push it into the stack.
And if it is an operator, then pop elements from
the stack and perform the operation and push back the
result into the stack. So let us use a for loop to
do this. First declare integer variable i.
Now write,  for i equal to zero, str[i], i++
So this condition will fail when we reach the null character
and in each iteration, check
if it is an integer
So write if str[i] greater than or equal to 0
and str[i] less than or equal to 9
then push that into the stack
But since these are scanned as characters, we need to
convert it into integers. So write push str[i]-0
Now if the scanned character is an
operator, then perform for operation twice and perform that operation
and push the result in to stack. So write else
int x equal to pop() int y equal to pop()
So last two operands are in x and y now
Now perform operation on x and y with the
scanned operator. That is in str[i]. But we
don't know which operator it is. So use switch case
so write switch str[i] and case 1 is for + operator
case one is for addition operator Then push y+x
and break and remember to write operands in this order
like x after y and not y after x
the addition operation result will not be affected but other
operations will be. So be careful with that. Now case two is
for subtraction operator then push y-x and
break. Case three for multiplication operator, then push y*x
and break. Case four for division
operator push y/x and break. And finally when
the scanning is completed for loop condition will fail and
control comes out. Now the result is in stack
So we can pop it and return it so write return pop. And that's all it is done.